\input texinfo
@setfilename manual
@settitle s21_SmartCalc_v1.0
@documentencoding UTF-8

@copying
Copyright © 2022 by mcampfir
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Short guide to using the calculator.
@vskip 
@insertcopying
@author mcampfir
@end titlepage

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top S21_SmartCalc_v1.0
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* Basic information:: This section provides common information on the principle of operation of calculator.
* Arithmetic operations:: This section provides information about the list of implemented arithmetic operations
* Math function:: This section provides information about the list of implemented mathematical functions.
* Graphics:: This section provides information about the possibility of plotting functions.
* Credit calculator:: This section provides information about the possibility of a credit calculator.
@end menu

@node Basic information
@chapter Basic information

The calculator is developed in the C/C++ programming language using the QT Creator version 6.2.
The main principle of calculations is implemented on the basis of Dijkstra's algorithm, the essence of which is to convert mathematical expressions from infix notation to reverse Polish notation.

@node  Arithmetic operations
@chapter  Arithmetic operations

The following arithmetic operations are implemented in the calculator:
@enumerate
@item
Addition - x + y
@item
Subtraction - x - y
@item
Multiplication - x * y
@item
Division - x / y
@item
Power - x ^ y
@item
Remainder of the division - x mod y
@item
Unary plus - +x
@item
Unary minus - -x
@end enumerate
Enter the expression, click "=" and get the answer.

@node Math function
@chapter Math function

The following mathematical functions are implemented in the calculator:
@enumerate
@item
Computes cosine - cos(x)
@item
Computes sine - sin(x)
@item
Computes tangent - tan(x)
@item
Computes arc cosine - acos(x)
@item
Computes arc sine - asin(x)
@item
Computes arc tangent - atan(x)
@item
Computes square root - sqrt(x)
@item
Computes natural logarithm - ln(x)
@item
Computes common logarithm - log(x)
@end enumerate
Enter the expression, click "=" and get the answer.

@node Graphics
@chapter Graphics

The calculator implements the possibility of plotting functions.
In order to build a graph, it is necessary that the constant "X" is present in the expression.
The scope of definition and the scope of function values are limited to at least numbers from -1000000 to 1000000.
The radio button "Graph" must be checked in order to build a graph.
Clicking on "=" will open a new window with a plotted graph.


@node Credit calculator
@chapter Credit calculator

The calculator has a special mode of operation: Credit Calculator.

The credit calculator window contains the following fields:

- Loan amount - the desired loan amount. Supports only integer values.
- Loan term - set in months, supports only integer values.
- Interest rate - the desired interest rate. Set as an integer or a floating-point number.
- The type of monthly payments is radiobutton, the type of calculation of monthly payments.

Output Fields: 
- Monthly loan payment
- Overpayment on the loan (interest)
- The total amount to be paid.

@bye
